hi I'm Dave Epstein and welcome to this
edition of growing wisdom in the fall
towards early winter and how do you
continue to grow that time of the year
well there's a few things you can do one
is get a cold frame or build a cold
frame and this is basically a wooden box
it's got this greenhouse plastic on it
and I want to show you here what we've
got going on inside so inside the cold
frame we have lots of different
vegetables growing I started some of
these vegetables inside here's a tray
there's a little bit of kale here we've
got some lettuces some mizuna and I've
been moving the plants into the cold
frame over time some of these may end up
just getting tossed or eaten put that
aside and cold frames are great for
those things that like it cold so what
you notice in the cold frame is you're
not gonna see cucumbers and tomatoes and
eggplants but what we do see are some of
the lettuces so we have this great
romaine lettuce here we have a little
bit of a Red Sails lettuce we have some
cilantro claytonia we also have tail
some napa cabbage more kale parsley and
rosemary so all of those things do
really well in the cold frame all of the
different vegetables we even have some
radicchio in the back there which will
continue to grow right through the
winter so cold frames can sit on the
ground like this is actually on a brick
patio or you can put the cold frame
right on the soil and plant the plants
right in the ground these plants are in
a pot a couple of things about the
plants in the cold frame they don't need
as much water you're gonna grow
extremely slowly and what will happen is
is as we get towards February and March
as the light gets stronger they'll start
growing again and you can start enjoying
new vegetables very early in the spring
so it's a way to extend in the fall and
a way to start earlier in the spring for
growing wisdom I'm David steam
you